README.md, before:

# About
[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/Schdieflaw0018/moveez/_apis/build/status/moveez?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/Schdieflaw0018/moveez/_build/latest?definitionId=2&branchName=master)

`Moveez` is a service to keep track of the movies you would like to watch in future. It shows you the ratings from sites like iMDB.com and Rottentomatoes.com.

[Visit us](https://moveez.de)

Future updates might include:
- It even alerts you when a movie is running in cinema or is available on a VoD-plattform of your choice.
- Furthermore you can browse your list by ratings, release date or genre.
- an own score calculated by the individual ratings of all moveez-users.

![Screenshot](https://github.com/schdief/moveez/blob/master/screenshot.png)

# Development
* `npm install` to install dependencies
* `npm run dev` to start app locally
* `npm test` to run integration tests locally
* `npm run cy:open` to open cypress.io to manage acceptance tests

# Stack
This app consists of multiple microservices, all based on [Express](https://expressjs.com/). They can be found in the `services` directory.


## Jenkins
We use Jenkins as our CI server with a Docker outside of Docker (DooD) approach, where Jenkins runs inside a container and uses the docker hosts docker daemon.
It is hosted at Hetzner Cloud based on CentOS 7 and can be visited here:
http://moveez.de:8080/job/moveez/

### Docker
[Docker-Setup](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/centos/#install-using-the-repository)
```
sudo yum install -y yum-utils \
  device-mapper-persistent-data \
  lvm2

sudo yum-config-manager \
    --add-repo \
    https://download.docker.com/linux/centos/docker-ce.repo

sudo yum install docker-ce
```
[Docker Post-Install](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/linux-postinstall/)

`sudo systemctl enable docker`

### Image
Build Jenkins with the following Dockerfile, but change the gid (here 994), to what it is on your docker host - find out with `getent group | grep "docker"`.
```
FROM jenkins/jenkins:lts
LABEL maintainer "schdief.law@gmail.com"
USER root
RUN apt-get update && apt-get install g++ build-essential -y && \
apt-get -y install apt-transport-https \
     ca-certificates \
     curl \
     gnupg2 \
     software-properties-common && \
curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/$(. /etc/os-release; echo "$ID")/gpg > /tmp/dkey; apt-key add /tmp/dkey$
add-apt-repository \
   "deb [arch=amd64] https://download.docker.com/linux/$(. /etc/os-release; echo "$ID") \
   $(lsb_release -cs) \
   stable" && \
apt-get update && \
apt-get -y install docker-ce
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves workflow-aggregator:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves blueocean:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves pipeline-utility-steps:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves http_request:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves nodejs:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves sonar:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves mailer:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves ssh-slaves:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves pipeline-stage-view:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves pipeline-github-lib:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves github-branch-source:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves github:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves git:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves timestamper:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves credentials-binding:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves greenballs:latest
RUN groupadd -g 994 docker-host
RUN usermod -a -G docker-host jenkins
USER jenkins

# add healtcheck for auto-repair
HEALTHCHECK --interval=2m --timeout=10s --retries=3 CMD curl --silent --fail localhost:8080 || exit 1
```

Start the build with: `docker build -t schdieflaw/jenkins .`

Run jenkins in background

```
sudo docker run -d --log-driver=gelf --log-opt gelf-address=udp://0.0.0.0:12201 --log-opt tag=jenkins --name jenkins -p 8080:8080 -p 50000:50000 -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock -v jenkins_home:/var/jenkins_home schdieflaw/jenkins
```

### Jenkins-Config
#### Plugins
The pipeline requires the following configuration in Jenkins:
- https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Pipeline+Utility+Steps+Plugin
- https://plugins.jenkins.io/timestamper
- https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/HTTP+Request+Plugin
- https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/NodeJS+Plugin
	+ add a nodejs installation in jenkins tool config named "node" (version 10.4 is needed)
- https://plugins.jenkins.io/sonar
	+ add SonarQube Scanner installation in jenkins tool config named "sonarqube"
	+ add a sonarqube server to manage jenkins named "sonarcloud"
- https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Azure+App+Service+Plugin
	+ add microsoft azure service principal credentials named "azure", howto: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/create-an-azure-service-principal-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest
	+ create azure app service instance: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/containers/quickstart-custom-docker-image
	+ add a deployment slot "test" for testing

#### Credentials
You need to define some credentials for the pipeline to work:
- For github named `github` (ideally via Blue Ocean "add pipeline").
- Furthermore you need to define credentials for dockerhub named `dockerhub`.
- For the production database access named `moveez_db_prod`.

## Database
As already stated we are using MongoDB as our database. Our test databases are running on mlabs.com, our production database runs locally with docker.

### Production
#### Setup
It is accessed via user-defined networking, defined with `docker network create -d bridge moveez_net`

To start the production database use the following command and use different credentials:
```
sudo docker run -e MONGO_INITDB_DATABASE=moveez_db_prod -e MONGO_INITDB_ROOT_USERNAME=SECRET -e MONGO_INITDB_ROOT_PASSWORD=SECRET --network=moveez_net --log-driver=gelf --log-opt gelf-address=udp://0.0.0.0:12201 --log-opt tag=mongodb --name mongodb --restart unless-stopped -d -p 27017:27017 -v mongodbdata:/data/db schdieflaw/mongo --smallfiles --auth
```

Initially create the database and the user for the application to access it with, but use different credentials:
```
mongo --host mongodb://secret:secret@localhost:27017
use moveez_db_prod
db.createUser({ user: "moveez", pwd: "secret", roles: [{ role: "readWrite", db: "moveez_db_prod" }]})
exit
```

#### Image
To enable healtchecks we need our own docker image with the following Dockerfile:
```
FROM mongo
LABEL maintainer="schdief.law@gmail.com"
# add healtcheck for auto-repair
HEALTHCHECK --interval=2m --timeout=10s --retries=3 CMD mongo --quiet --eval 'quit(db.runCommand({ ping: 1 }).ok ? 0 : 2)' || exit 1
```

#### Backup
The database is backed up via a cron job on our docker host. The crontab `crontab -e or -l` looks like this:
```
0 * * * * /bin/bash /bin/moveez_db_backup.sh >> /var/log/moveez_db_backup.log 2>&1
```

The script looks like this:
```
#!/bin/bash
backup_name=backup_`date +%Y-%m-%d-%H:%M:%S`.gz

#dump full database with mongodump inside container and push it onto volume to access it from host
docker exec mongodb mongodump --archive=/data/db/$backup_name --gzip --username SECRET --password SECRET

#push dump to aws s3
output=$(/root/.local/bin/aws s3 cp /var/lib/docker/volumes/mongodbdata/_data/$backup_name s3://moveez-prod-db-backup/)

#inform graylog about it
echo "{\"version\": \"1.1\",\"host\":\"backup\",\"short_message\":\"pushing ${backup_name} to aws s3\",\"full_message\":\"${output}\",\"tag\":\"backup\"}" | gzip | nc -u -w 1 127.0.0.1 12201

#delete local dump
rm $backup_name -f
```

For this to work you need to install the aws cli first:
```
sudo yum -y install epel-release
sudo yum -y install python-pip
pip install awscli --upgrade --user
PATH=$PATH:~/.local/bin
aws configure
AWS Access Key ID [None]: KEY
AWS Secret Access Key [None]: SECRET
Default region name [None]: eu-central-1
Default output format [None]: json
```

Furthermore you need to install netcat to push the log to graylog:
```
yum install nc -y
```

Backups are marked for deletion after 10 days and deleted 1 day later as described [here](https://www.joe0.com/2017/05/24/amazon-s3-how-to-delete-files-older-than-x-days/).

#### Recovery
The recovery is done by:
```
cd /var/lib/docker/volumes/mongodbdata/_data
aws s3 cp s3://moveez-prod-db-backup/backup_2019-01-21-16:00:01.gz backup_2019-01-21-16:00:01.gz
sudo docker exec -it mongodb /bin/bash
mongorestore --archive=backup_2019-01-21-16:00:01.gz --gzip --username SECRET --password SECRET --stopOnError --verbose --drop --dryRun
mongorestore --archive=backup_2019-01-21-16:00:01.gz --gzip --username SECRET --password SECRET --stopOnError --verbose --drop
```

## Graylog
To monitor the stack we are using graylog. You can access it via:
http://moveez.de:9000

## Setup
Elasticsearch needs the following configuration to run `sudo sysctl -w vm.max_map_count=262144`. Then start with `docker-compose up -d:
```
version: '2'
services:
  # MongoDB: https://hub.docker.com/_/mongo/
  mongodb:
    image: mongo:3
  # Elasticsearch: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/6.x/docker.html
  elasticsearch:
    image: docker.elastic.co/elasticsearch/elasticsearch:6.5.1
    environment:
      - http.host=0.0.0.0
      - transport.host=localhost
      - network.host=0.0.0.0
      # Disable X-Pack security: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/6.x/security-settings.html#general-security-settings
      - xpack.security.enabled=false
      - xpack.watcher.enabled=false
      - xpack.monitoring.enabled=false
      - xpack.security.audit.enabled=false
      - xpack.ml.enabled=false
      - xpack.graph.enabled=false
      - "ES_JAVA_OPTS=-Xms512m -Xmx512m"
    ulimits:
      memlock:
        soft: -1
        hard: -1
    mem_limit: 1g
  # Graylog: https://hub.docker.com/r/graylog/graylog/
  graylog:
    image: graylog/graylog:2.5
    environment:
      # CHANGE ME!
      - GRAYLOG_PASSWORD_SECRET=somepasswordpepper
      # Password: SECRET
      - GRAYLOG_ROOT_PASSWORD_SHA2=SECRET
      - GRAYLOG_WEB_ENDPOINT_URI=http://moveez.de:9000/api
    links:
      - mongodb:mongo
      - elasticsearch
    depends_on:
      - mongodb
      - elasticsearch
    ports:
      # Graylog web interface and REST API
      - 9000:9000
      # Syslog TCP
      - 514:514
      # Syslog UDP
      - 514:514/udp
      # GELF TCP
      - 12201:12201
      # GELF UDP
      - 12201:12201/udp
```

# Run
## Monitoring
To monitor our services we are using uptime robot that can be visited here:
https://uptimerobot.com/dashboard#mainDashboard

## Local
Most things are controlled via docker. To get an overview of the health of the services just run `docker ps`.

| Service | Restart | Logs |
| ------- | ------- | ---- |
| moveez  |`docker restart moveez_prod` | `docker logs moveez_prod` |
| mongo   |`docker restart mongodb` | `docker logs mongodb` |
| backup  | - | `cat /var/log/moveez_db_backup.log` |
| graylog | `docker-compose restart` | `docker-compose logs` |
| jenkins | `docker restart jenkins` | `docker logs jenkins` |

Commit message:

#13 adding docker-compose.yml and description for private azure agent

README.md, after:

# About
[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/Schdieflaw0018/moveez/_apis/build/status/moveez?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/Schdieflaw0018/moveez/_build/latest?definitionId=2&branchName=master)

`Moveez` is a service to keep track of the movies you would like to watch in future. It shows you the ratings from sites like iMDB.com and Rottentomatoes.com.

[Visit us](https://moveez.de)

Future updates might include:
- It even alerts you when a movie is running in cinema or is available on a VoD-plattform of your choice.
- Furthermore you can browse your list by ratings, release date or genre.
- an own score calculated by the individual ratings of all moveez-users.

![Screenshot](https://github.com/schdief/moveez/blob/master/screenshot.png)

# Development
* `npm install` to install dependencies
* `npm run dev` to start app locally
* `npm test` to run integration tests locally
* `npm run cy:open` to open cypress.io to manage acceptance tests

## Azure DevOps
We have switched from Jenkins to Azure DevOps. You can find the workspace [here](https://dev.azure.com/Schdieflaw0018/moveez/).
Within Azure DevOps we are using Azure Pipelines to build and release moveez.
* The build configuration is done via GUI, but can also be found in `azure-pipelines.yml`.
* The release is done via `docker-compose.yml` on a private agent hosted on our Hetzner server.

### Azure Private Agent Configuration
The installation guide can be found [here](https://dev.azure.com/Schdieflaw0018/moveez/_settings/agentqueues).
1. create a user for the agent `adduser azureagent`.
2. define a password for the user `passwd azureagent`.
3. Switch to this user with `su azureagent`.
4. Create a folder and cd into it with `mkdir azureagent && cd azureagent`
5. Download the agent software with `wget https://vstsagentpackage.azureedge.net/agent/2.146.0/vsts-agent-linux-x64-2.146.0.tar.gz`
6. unzip the agent `tar zxvf vsts-agent-linux-x64-2.146.0.tar.gz`
7. swtich to root `su root`
8. install dependencies `./bin/installdependencies.sh`
9. switch to azureagent `su azureagent`
10. configure the agent `./config.sh`
11. say `no` to EULA, since we are not using TFSV repos
12. create a user token as described [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/v2-linux?view=azure-devops#authenticate-with-a-personal-access-token-pat)
13. Server-URL: `https://dev.azure.com/Schdieflaw0018`
14. Authentifizierungstyp: `PAT` (just press ENTER, nothing to type) and enter the created token from step 12
15. Agent-Pool: `default` (just press ENTER, nothing to type)
16. Agent-Name: `hetzner_moveez`
17. Arbeitsordner: `_work` (just press ENTER, nothing to type)
18. enable the agent to run as a systemd service like described [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/v2-linux?view=azure-devops#run-as-a-systemd-service)

# Stack
This app consists of multiple microservices, all based on [Express](https://expressjs.com/). They can be found in the `services` directory.
To deploy and run the services we are using `docker-compose.yml`.

## Jenkins
*currently switching to Azure DevOps*

We use Jenkins as our CI server with a Docker outside of Docker (DooD) approach, where Jenkins runs inside a container and uses the docker hosts docker daemon.
It is hosted at Hetzner Cloud based on CentOS 7 and can be visited here:
http://moveez.de:8080/job/moveez/

### Docker
[Docker-Setup](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/centos/#install-using-the-repository)
```
sudo yum install -y yum-utils \
  device-mapper-persistent-data \
  lvm2

sudo yum-config-manager \
    --add-repo \
    https://download.docker.com/linux/centos/docker-ce.repo

sudo yum install docker-ce
```
[Docker Post-Install](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/linux-postinstall/)

`sudo systemctl enable docker`

### Image
Build Jenkins with the following Dockerfile, but change the gid (here 994), to what it is on your docker host - find out with `getent group | grep "docker"`.
```
FROM jenkins/jenkins:lts
LABEL maintainer "schdief.law@gmail.com"
USER root
RUN apt-get update && apt-get install g++ build-essential -y && \
apt-get -y install apt-transport-https \
     ca-certificates \
     curl \
     gnupg2 \
     software-properties-common && \
curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/$(. /etc/os-release; echo "$ID")/gpg > /tmp/dkey; apt-key add /tmp/dkey$
add-apt-repository \
   "deb [arch=amd64] https://download.docker.com/linux/$(. /etc/os-release; echo "$ID") \
   $(lsb_release -cs) \
   stable" && \
apt-get update && \
apt-get -y install docker-ce
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves workflow-aggregator:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves blueocean:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves pipeline-utility-steps:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves http_request:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves nodejs:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves sonar:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves mailer:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves ssh-slaves:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves pipeline-stage-view:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves pipeline-github-lib:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves github-branch-source:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves github:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves git:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves timestamper:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves credentials-binding:latest
RUN /usr/local/bin/install-plugins.sh docker-slaves greenballs:latest
RUN groupadd -g 994 docker-host
RUN usermod -a -G docker-host jenkins
USER jenkins

# add healtcheck for auto-repair
HEALTHCHECK --interval=2m --timeout=10s --retries=3 CMD curl --silent --fail localhost:8080 || exit 1
```

Start the build with: `docker build -t schdieflaw/jenkins .`

Run jenkins in background

```
sudo docker run -d --log-driver=gelf --log-opt gelf-address=udp://0.0.0.0:12201 --log-opt tag=jenkins --name jenkins -p 8080:8080 -p 50000:50000 -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock -v jenkins_home:/var/jenkins_home schdieflaw/jenkins
```

### Jenkins-Config
#### Plugins
The pipeline requires the following configuration in Jenkins:
- https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Pipeline+Utility+Steps+Plugin
- https://plugins.jenkins.io/timestamper
- https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/HTTP+Request+Plugin
- https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/NodeJS+Plugin
	+ add a nodejs installation in jenkins tool config named "node" (version 10.4 is needed)
- https://plugins.jenkins.io/sonar
	+ add SonarQube Scanner installation in jenkins tool config named "sonarqube"
	+ add a sonarqube server to manage jenkins named "sonarcloud"
- https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Azure+App+Service+Plugin
	+ add microsoft azure service principal credentials named "azure", howto: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/create-an-azure-service-principal-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest
	+ create azure app service instance: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/containers/quickstart-custom-docker-image
	+ add a deployment slot "test" for testing

#### Credentials
You need to define some credentials for the pipeline to work:
- For github named `github` (ideally via Blue Ocean "add pipeline").
- Furthermore you need to define credentials for dockerhub named `dockerhub`.
- For the production database access named `moveez_db_prod`.

## Database
As already stated we are using MongoDB as our database. Our test databases are running on mlabs.com, our production database runs locally with docker.

### Production
#### Setup
It is accessed via user-defined networking, defined with `docker network create -d bridge moveez_net`

To start the production database use the following command and use different credentials:
```
sudo docker run -e MONGO_INITDB_DATABASE=moveez_db_prod -e MONGO_INITDB_ROOT_USERNAME=SECRET -e MONGO_INITDB_ROOT_PASSWORD=SECRET --network=moveez_net --log-driver=gelf --log-opt gelf-address=udp://0.0.0.0:12201 --log-opt tag=mongodb --name mongodb --restart unless-stopped -d -p 27017:27017 -v mongodbdata:/data/db schdieflaw/mongo --smallfiles --auth
```

Initially create the database and the user for the application to access it with, but use different credentials:
```
mongo --host mongodb://secret:secret@localhost:27017
use moveez_db_prod
db.createUser({ user: "moveez", pwd: "secret", roles: [{ role: "readWrite", db: "moveez_db_prod" }]})
exit
```

#### Image
To enable healtchecks we need our own docker image with the following Dockerfile:
```
FROM mongo
LABEL maintainer="schdief.law@gmail.com"
# add healtcheck for auto-repair
HEALTHCHECK --interval=2m --timeout=10s --retries=3 CMD mongo --quiet --eval 'quit(db.runCommand({ ping: 1 }).ok ? 0 : 2)' || exit 1
```

#### Backup
The database is backed up via a cron job on our docker host. The crontab `crontab -e or -l` looks like this:
```
0 * * * * /bin/bash /bin/moveez_db_backup.sh >> /var/log/moveez_db_backup.log 2>&1
```

The script looks like this:
```
#!/bin/bash
backup_name=backup_`date +%Y-%m-%d-%H:%M:%S`.gz

#dump full database with mongodump inside container and push it onto volume to access it from host
docker exec mongodb mongodump --archive=/data/db/$backup_name --gzip --username SECRET --password SECRET

#push dump to aws s3
output=$(/root/.local/bin/aws s3 cp /var/lib/docker/volumes/mongodbdata/_data/$backup_name s3://moveez-prod-db-backup/)

#inform graylog about it
echo "{\"version\": \"1.1\",\"host\":\"backup\",\"short_message\":\"pushing ${backup_name} to aws s3\",\"full_message\":\"${output}\",\"tag\":\"backup\"}" | gzip | nc -u -w 1 127.0.0.1 12201

#delete local dump
rm $backup_name -f
```

For this to work you need to install the aws cli first:
```
sudo yum -y install epel-release
sudo yum -y install python-pip
pip install awscli --upgrade --user
PATH=$PATH:~/.local/bin
aws configure
AWS Access Key ID [None]: KEY
AWS Secret Access Key [None]: SECRET
Default region name [None]: eu-central-1
Default output format [None]: json
```

Furthermore you need to install netcat to push the log to graylog:
```
yum install nc -y
```

Backups are marked for deletion after 10 days and deleted 1 day later as described [here](https://www.joe0.com/2017/05/24/amazon-s3-how-to-delete-files-older-than-x-days/).

#### Recovery
The recovery is done by:
```
cd /var/lib/docker/volumes/mongodbdata/_data
aws s3 cp s3://moveez-prod-db-backup/backup_2019-01-21-16:00:01.gz backup_2019-01-21-16:00:01.gz
sudo docker exec -it mongodb /bin/bash
mongorestore --archive=backup_2019-01-21-16:00:01.gz --gzip --username SECRET --password SECRET --stopOnError --verbose --drop --dryRun
mongorestore --archive=backup_2019-01-21-16:00:01.gz --gzip --username SECRET --password SECRET --stopOnError --verbose --drop
```

## Graylog
To monitor the stack we are using graylog. You can access it via:
http://moveez.de:9000

## Setup
Elasticsearch needs the following configuration to run `sudo sysctl -w vm.max_map_count=262144`. Then start with `docker-compose up -d:
```
version: '2'
services:
  # MongoDB: https://hub.docker.com/_/mongo/
  mongodb:
    image: mongo:3
  # Elasticsearch: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/6.x/docker.html
  elasticsearch:
    image: docker.elastic.co/elasticsearch/elasticsearch:6.5.1
    environment:
      - http.host=0.0.0.0
      - transport.host=localhost
      - network.host=0.0.0.0
      # Disable X-Pack security: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/6.x/security-settings.html#general-security-settings
      - xpack.security.enabled=false
      - xpack.watcher.enabled=false
      - xpack.monitoring.enabled=false
      - xpack.security.audit.enabled=false
      - xpack.ml.enabled=false
      - xpack.graph.enabled=false
      - "ES_JAVA_OPTS=-Xms512m -Xmx512m"
    ulimits:
      memlock:
        soft: -1
        hard: -1
    mem_limit: 1g
  # Graylog: https://hub.docker.com/r/graylog/graylog/
  graylog:
    image: graylog/graylog:2.5
    environment:
      # CHANGE ME!
      - GRAYLOG_PASSWORD_SECRET=somepasswordpepper
      # Password: SECRET
      - GRAYLOG_ROOT_PASSWORD_SHA2=SECRET
      - GRAYLOG_WEB_ENDPOINT_URI=http://moveez.de:9000/api
    links:
      - mongodb:mongo
      - elasticsearch
    depends_on:
      - mongodb
      - elasticsearch
    ports:
      # Graylog web interface and REST API
      - 9000:9000
      # Syslog TCP
      - 514:514
      # Syslog UDP
      - 514:514/udp
      # GELF TCP
      - 12201:12201
      # GELF UDP
      - 12201:12201/udp
```

# Run
## Monitoring
To monitor our services we are using uptime robot that can be visited here:
https://uptimerobot.com/dashboard#mainDashboard

## Local
Most things are controlled via docker. To get an overview of the health of the services just run `docker ps`.

| Service | Restart | Logs |
| ------- | ------- | ---- |
| moveez  |`docker restart moveez_prod` | `docker logs moveez_prod` |
| mongo   |`docker restart mongodb` | `docker logs mongodb` |
| backup  | - | `cat /var/log/moveez_db_backup.log` |
| graylog | `docker-compose restart` | `docker-compose logs` |
| jenkins | `docker restart jenkins` | `docker logs jenkins` |
