infra/database/README.md, before:

# Database
In general we are using MongoDB as a database, because we hate SQL :)

## DEV and UAT
For our non-productive environments we use [mlab.com](https://mlab.com) and their sandbox environments. The configuration can be seen in `services/gui/config/default.json` (for DEV) or `/uat.json`.

## PROD
In production we use Azures `CosmosDB` because it should be highly reliable, has automatic backups and should be easy to use by having an attractive price point (we'll see about that).

## Configuration
### Create the CosmosDB
Create the CosmosDB via GUI or with the ARM template in this folder.

### Change configuration values
Update the values in `services/gui/config/prod.json` taken from the connection string section so gui knows where to look for the database. Username and password of the production environment are taken from a secret, which we'll deploy next.

### Create a secret with username and password for the database
Create the secret with this command:
```
kubectl create secret generic moveez-prod-db --from-literal=dbuser=secret --from-literal=dbpass=secret
```

### Set down the RU/s
Default is 1000 RU/s, 400 (minimum) should be enough, so scale it down via GUI and scale section.

Commit message:

using local mongodb for uat on aks

infra/database/README.md, after:

# Database
In general we are using MongoDB as a database, because we hate SQL :)

## DEV/TEST
For our dev and test environments we use [mlab.com](https://mlab.com) and their sandbox environments. The configuration can be seen in `services/gui/config/default.json` (for DEV) or `/test.json` (for TEST).

## UAT
For UAT we use a (currently single) local MongoDB on AKS. Set it up with the [helm chart](https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/mongodb):
```
helm install --name mongodb-moveez-uat \
    --set mongodbRootPassword=uat,mongodbUsername=uat,mongodbPassword=uat,mongodbDatabase=uat,persistence.size=8Mi\
    stable/mongodb
```

## PROD
In production we use Azures `CosmosDB` because it should be highly reliable, has automatic backups and should be easy to use by having an attractive price point (we'll see about that).

## Configuration
### Create the CosmosDB
Create the CosmosDB via GUI or with the ARM template in this folder.

### Change configuration values
Update the values in `services/gui/config/prod.json` taken from the connection string section so gui knows where to look for the database. Username and password of the production environment are taken from a secret, which we'll deploy next.

### Create a secret with username and password for the database
Create the secret with this command:
```
kubectl create secret generic moveez-prod-db --from-literal=dbuser=secret --from-literal=dbpass=secret
```

### Set down the RU/s
Default is 1000 RU/s, 400 (minimum) should be enough, so scale it down via GUI and scale section.
